What are you going to do at the weekend, Doming?
On Saturday morning, I'm going to check my email and do my homework.
Then I'm going to help with the housework.
What are you going to do, Betty?
I'm going to see a movie in the afternoon. You can come too.
Sure. Who else is going to be there?
Nobody. Ling Ling is going to have a piano lesson so she can't come with us.
But on Sunday afternoon, Ling Ling and I are going to have a picnic.
Would you like to join us?
Yes, I'd love to. Are we going to meet here?
No, we aren't. We're going to meet in the park at 1 o'clock.
Hi, everyone.
Hi, Tony. What are your plans for the weekend?
Oh, nothing. I'm going to stay at home alone.
Don't be silly. You're going to come with us. It's going to be a fantastic weekend.